welcome back to the project yeah what's
at Uncle Gus has managed to maintain a
simultaneous movie and music career like
no other films have seen Jared gets any
bad blond braided and dreamboat a
dreamboat examples here here and here
which brings us to his music with band
thirty Seconds to Mars
the trio have released three critically
acclaimed album the last this is war
store divan supported by paying 311
shows in nearly 60 countries on six
continents to 3 million people and now
record number for love lust faith and
dreams is set to drop in May with new
single up in the air already out of this
world literally the fur Bobby was he was
recently launched into space arriving at
the International Space Station thanks
to NASA I'm so jealous you said
something to a space station we did
that's amazing you sound like a dream
come true I think it really was a dream
come true that moment that you saw there
we were talking to the astronaut and in
the middle of the conversation he grabs
something and spins it in the air and it
was our CD so it was a it was a dream
come true that's amazing I just need to
dive in there and say hello from my wife
you got any specific instruction after
12 my hair and week hello jack do you
understand what that mate I have no idea
just go back over some of the emails she
sent you your fans are so loyal I mean
you have how many Twitter followers you
have like a million I forgot a couple
and that they yours you can do whatever
you'd like
never you know there's a bit of a
situation in North Korea do you think
30-second demise fans versus North Korea
you can take em on make a difference
let's do it it's possible a brag but
Jared you you tweeted me today so that's
my I did I've retweeted you I think and
I sent you a direct message as well but
you didn't respond to me
I'm hearing Georgie just lost the crowd
you completely snubbed me Jared so I'll
check what maybe there's a message to
your wife your music is just completely
King Hospital film crew is also going
strong but if you kind of pulled back on
that because your film clips are kind of
like full big-budget movies now anyway
so you get that out of your system there
well no but you know we've been touring
so much I just haven't had time to make
a film to tell you the truth it's it's I
love making films I just haven't had
very much time to do that and you work
with David Fincher in with Fight Club in
the antique review he might be coming
down to Australia with Brad Pitt to make
oh nice yeah what's up the 23rd already
buzz about main thing and then this
first rule of Fight Club
you actually look a little bit like Brad
the way you embrace a film or with gusto
and in terms of your appearance and the
process you have to go through and
recently you posted some photos of you
preparing for a role as a transsexual
and I loved that you showed the world
what women have to go through in terms
of waxing it's really painful isn't it
it is i waxed my entire those of my
eyebrows hey self or did you send them
to the space station no treatment on my
box I know I like it clean I would be
wavy you're a really good-looking gone
and I'm glad I'm taking the desk
you are happy through your 41 I'm 37 Wow
a lot of things you do take your acting
roles exceptionally seriously you've
gone from being overweight or heavy to
being exceptionally thin in any latest
role how seriously do you take your
acting when it compared to music cuz she
clearly put a lot of effort into both of
them well it depends on the part really
that dictates what you do I don't I
don't gain weight or lose weight in the
film role unless the part dictates that
yeah I gained about 60 pounds for that
and fair Dallas buyers club the one that
I played the transsexual I lost about 30
pounds which is a huge tweets today in
terms of thirty Seconds to Mars hoping
that they're going to be touring
Australia is that gonna happen yeah I
mean this is kind of the we could do it
yes we are definitely touring Australia
and touring this year
lust faith and dreams the new album is
out May 17 you can pre-order it now hit
our website for all of the details
please think Jared Leto
you